# README - LaTeX Word Processing

## Description
This project aims to provide a GUI application for writing LaTeX documents. It integrates with other scripts to generate PDF and HTML documents using specific templates. The application offers automatic parameter updates during runtime and handles document compilation and bibliography management.

## Usage
To use the application, follow these steps:
1. Install the required dependencies and ensure Python 3 is installed on your system.
2. Clone the project repository.
3. Open the command line or terminal and navigate to the project directory.
4. Run the `main.py` script to launch the application.
5. Use the GUI interface to write LaTeX documents.
6. Compile the document and generate the desired output formats (PDF, HTML, etc.) using the provided options and templates.

## Features
- Graphical user interface for writing LaTeX documents.
- Integration with other scripts to generate PDF and HTML documents.
- Automatic parameter updates during runtime.
- Document compilation and bibliography management.

## Requirements
- Python 3.x
- Dependencies specified in the project's `requirements.txt` file.

## Installation
To install the project and its dependencies, follow these steps:
1. Install Python 3 on your system.
2. Clone the project repository or download the source code.
3. Open the command line or terminal and navigate to the project directory.
4. Run the following command to install the required dependencies:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

## Configuration
The application does not require any specific configuration. However, you may need to adjust certain settings or paths based on your system environment or preferences. These settings can typically be found in the configuration files or within the code itself. Please refer to the code comments and documentation for more information on customization options.

## Troubleshooting
If you encounter any issues or errors while using the application, consider the following steps:
1. Check that all the required dependencies are installed.
2. Verify that your system meets the minimum requirements for running the application.
3. Review the error messages or logs generated by the application for more details.
4. Consult the project's documentation or seek support from the project maintainers.

## License
This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).


## Contributions
Contributions to this project are welcome. If you find any bugs, issues, or have suggestions for improvements, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

## Acknowledgements
This project was developed by matthewpicone. We would like to thank all the contributors and the open-source community for their support and valuable contributions.

## Directory Structure
```
.
├── LICENSE
├── LaTeX - Python Connector.iml
├── app.log
├── details.yaml
├── main.bib
├── main.py
├── main.tex
├── out
│ ├── EXAMPLE PROJECT
│ │ ├── document_content_examples
│ │ ├── document_settings
│ │ ├── main.aux
│ │ ├── main.bbl
│ │ ├── main.bcf
│ │ ├── main.blg
│ │ ├── main.fdb_latexmk
│ │ ├── main.fls
│ │ ├── main.log
│ │ ├── main.pdf
│ │ ├── main.run.xml
│ │ ├── main.synctex.gz
│ │ ├── main.tex.bbl
│ │ ├── main.tex.blg
│ │ ├── preamble
│ │ ├── title_page_templates
│ │ └── variables
│ └── generated_documents
│   │ ├──html_docs
│   │ ├── EXAMPLE PROJECT1.html
│   │ ├── EXAMPLE PROJECT2.html
│   │ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT3.html
│   ├── markdown_docs
│   │ ├── EXAMPLE PROJECT1.md
│   │ ├── EXAMPLE PROJECT2.md
│   │ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT3.md
│   └── pdf_docs
│     ├── EXAMPLE PROJECT1.pdf
│     ├── EXAMPLE PROJECT2.pdf
│     └── EXAMPLE PROJECT3.pdf
├── readme.MD
└── src
├── document_content
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT1
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT2
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT3
├── document_content_examples
│ ├── 01Example - With Citations.tex
│ └── 02Example - Without Citations.tex
├── document_settings
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT1.tex
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT2.tex
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT3.tex
├── preamble
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT1.tex
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT2.tex
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT3.tex
├── title_page_templates
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT1.tex
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT2.tex
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT3.tex
└── variables
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT1.tex
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT2.tex
│ └── EXAMPLE PROJECT3.tex
```